

TASK 1:  5 most commonly faced challenges by BA
1)Challenge 1:conflict among stakeholders.
2)Challenge 2:Lack of clarity :Massive Amount of Information is processed in a short period of time 
leading to over-analyzing which includes 
C2.1)Asks questions repeatedly to get clarification
C2.2)Seeks to confirm requirements again and again
C2.3)Stretches the analysis phase instead of approaching it iteratively
C2.4)Develops more artifacts and models than required.
solution:The BA should filter out unnecessary detail and present only the information that is necessary to produce a working solution.
3)Challenge 3:Business Analysts often have to work with knowledge and skills.
C3.1)How does the BA with a technical background attain an acceptable level of competency in the business domain? 
C3.2)How does the BA with a business background attain some level of competency in the technical domain? 
C3.3)How does the BA keep up with expected changes when moving from a structured systems analysis & design environment to one based on object-oriented analysis and design? 
C3.4)How does the BA manage the transition from a Waterfall to an Agile/Iterative methodology? 
solution: BAs should continually strive from day one,The challenge is real but can be surmounted with time, training and experience.
4)challenge 4:Getting Stakeholders To Make Time
C4.1)to get stakeholders to participate in UAT sessions
C4.2) dealing with irregular attendance at elicitation sessions and cancelled meetings. 
C4,3)Where users are not committed to the project, the BA has to spend extra time and effort trying to getting them to do their bit.
Solution:   Involving functional managers even if it is to a small degree, team members become more willing to fall in line.


TASK 2:what are the top 6 reasons for project failure and consider how this role can mitigate these risks?


TASK 3:who is a stakeholder?
Groups without whose support the organization would cease to exist.
--Business sponsor
--External custorems /End users
--Internal Teams/Developer,Testers,Ptoject managers etc
